Intro 


What even is this?
Great Question. Tbh I'm not so sure. I wanted to replicate the experience of spontaneously walking
into the living room and finding my room mates there. Creating a video chat seems to take
too much planning.

How does it work?
There are "digital rooms"
Once you are a member of one of these room, text me 'bored'
If multiple people in that room texted me 'bored' within a 40 minute time frame, 
I'll send a zoom link to everyone who said they were bored.


How to


How can I join a room?
You have to be invited by a current memebr of the room.

I'm a member of a room, how can I invite someone?
Text 'add', then I'll ask you who to add. Text me their phone number.
They'll get a message saying they got invited to a room. If they accept the invite, they will be added to the room.

How can I see what rooms I'm in?
Text 'status' and I'll tell you everything about every room you're in.

How can I see who's in the room?
Text 'status' and I'll tell you everything about every room you're in.

Help, its not working!
Rip, my dude. Must be my garbage code. Tell me whats wrong by sending an email to bot@trueshape.io.

Can I create a room?
Yes, text me 'create', and I'll get that process started for you.

Can I remove someone from the room?
Text me 'remove' and I'll get that started for you. 
Note: this removes the person form both the pending list and the member list.

Can I leave a room?
Text me 'leave' and I'll get right on it.


Curious


Just tell me the possible actions, and I'llfigure it out.
Right on. I wish everyone was like you, I wouldn't have had to waste any time making this page.
You can text me 'status', 'help', 'add', 'remove', 'accept', 'leave', and 'bored'.

What's trueshape? Why is this at livingroom.trueshape.io?
Don't worry about it. I was too lazy to buy another domain and get it set up when I had a perfectly good one ready to go. 


Snark


Reading your faq section is terribly inefficient and I wish you gave instructions in a different format.
Me too.

Why did you think that making an app entirely based on sms messaging was a good idea?
Honestly, it's a terrible idea.

You should've made the room management happen on a web app and the 'bored' messaging happen over sms.
You're a genius. I wish I could've read your mind a few days ago.

You use 'I' a bunch. Are you actually doing this manually?
Ofc, I'm a sentient AI robot hell bent on conquering this world, and this glorious creation is my first step.
(You can checkout my source code at: https://github.com/EpicPi/LivingRoom) 

This FAQ template is pretty nice. I bet you stole it from somewhere.
You know me too well; it's honestly scary.
https://lmgtfy.com/?q=faq+html+template
(Click the first link)